Set environment for running iGOLD:
----------------------------------
(1)current iGOLD is designed for ONLY linux platform.  
(2)The following software is necessary for running iGOLD:  
 		
		anaconda3  
		LDSC software (https://github.com/bulik/ldsc)
		
(3)The following files in 1000G database is necessary for running iGOLD:  
		
		w_hm3.snplist  
		1000G_Phase3_weights_hm3_no_MHC.tgz  
		1000G_Phase3_frq.tgz
		
(4) "iGOLD_pipline.sh" is the main code for running iGOLD. Users should edit the file of "iGOLD_pipline.sh" according to their path of installed softwares and download files. Details are in below steps.  
(5) "run_anaconda3" is the executable script of python3 in your anaconda environment built for LDSC installation.  
(6) "run_munge_sumstats" is the executable script of "munge_sumstats.py" of LDSC software;  
(7) "run_ldsc" is the executable script of "ldsc.py" of LDSC software;  
(8) "fn_snplist" is the path of w_hm3.snplist;  
(9) "path_weights_hm3" is the path of unzipped 1000G_Phase3_weights_hm3_no_MHC.tgz;  
(11) "path_frq" is the path of unzipped 1000G_Phase3_frq.tgz  


Running iGOLD:
--------------
(1)Preparing the input files of known disease related genes in the .xlsx format. In this input file, the first column is the gene symbol, and the file is required to be included in the folder of "enrich_DEG".  The "known disease related genes" can be generated by your own analysis, or you can download reported disease from database, such as "DisGeNet" database (https://disgenet.org/). An example file is under the directory of "./enrich_DEG/test_input.xlsx".  
(2)Preparing GWAS summary results in the .xlsx format. this input file is required to include six columns, and the columns names must be: "rs", "CHR", "POS", "N", "Z", "A1", "A2", "P". Where "rs" is the rs id of SNPs, "CHR" is the chromosome number, "POS" is the chromosome position of the SNP, "Z" is the Z-score, "A1" is the first allele (effect allele), "A2" is the second allele (reference allele), and "P" is the Chi-square test P-value of the GWAS summary files. More details can be found in the LDSC wiki (https://github.com/bulik/ldsc/wiki/Summary-Statistics-File-Format). This file is required to be input in the folder of "enrich_SNP". An example file is under the directory of "./enrich_SNP/example_input_lancet.xlsx".  
(3) Running command of iGOLD is:  
	
		bash ./iGOLD_pipline.sh <gene_input> <SNP_input>
	
where <gene_input> and <SNP_input> is the input files you prepared of disease related genes and GWAS result, respectively. If everything went well, you've got the output file named "enrich_result.csv"  


The output:
-----------
one output example is the file named "enrich_result.csv", there are five columns in the result file, which are:  
(1)"Mod" is the module name;  
(2)"logP_DEG" is the -log10(P-value) of disease associated genes enrichment, where P-value is calculated by one-tailed Chi-square test;  
(3)"logP_DEG" is the -log10(P-value) of disease associated SNPs enrichment by genome location, where P-value is calculated by one-tailed Chi-square test;  
(4)"logP_ldsc" is the -log10(P-value) of disease associated SNPs enrichment by LDSC analysis;  
(5)"logP_sum" is the sum of the above three -log10 transferred P-values.Higher value of the "logP_sum" represents an higher association between the module and the disease.    
